Hello, how are you? I am Maria Cebrián.
call me does also and well I wanted to
make this video because I've seen the
video to be supportive and costs nothing
of the consumer and the truth is that good in
the video comments on the topic of
solidarity and I have also done
little by a similar family situation
to which he tells his father of the
blood donation and just like me
has touched a little fiber and I said
Well, I'm going to join the campaign that
I was promoting in this video that
is the illustrious campaign of intermón oxfam
on the web www dot for a loaf of bread
dot com
I have decided to enter and with this video I
What I want is that you also join the
campaign and participate as I do
I will participate now and so what
you see then we do it together Maria
cebrián mail that has
put the video but good we leave it
we put with
we put the password I am older I go to
stop lest by the song to
copyright or something like register now
ok and now begins to complete the
collection
I'm going to activate
ok we have it activated and I was
in your virtual collecting game that
in solidarity with intermón has created the
solidarity collection breads of the world
the goal is to finish is the
solidarity collection plans of the world and
so get that gift from a bar
of bread to intermón oxfam participate and
donate your loaf of bread is totally
free the bread collection is
formed by illustrious virtual cards
that you have to paste into the album until
complete it answers tribe questions
get more illustrated you can get and
the others answering questions from
trivés and answer them correctly
you will earn envelopes to be able to answer
you must buy them with the coins that you
give here and the faster you respond
a question of trivia plus threads you'll win
ok exchange your repeated with
other people had to do the
the complete album to get the
Bread and lady bar and donate it when it is
got all the children you can
understand some to end the
collection of loaves of the world and will be donated
the loaf of bread
well let's see it close ie
participate voucher starts this collection
select the language
in this world in Spanish
we have a gift for you we do not want
you start empty-handed like that
that opens this envelope and starts
collect for the sun
ok we have 52 on 11 and 39
you have to go coming more days gifts
in the album
is the album page and the
part number
ok we have to put the 11
the 11th
and the sequences
ok if you want more click here
try to answer our trivia
let's try to answer trivia
each question with costs 16 tertius per
each correct answer you win an envelope
with stickers and the envelope contains 1 to 3
how many coins do I have
I do not put it to 45
is worth the mass of the script is elaborated
basically with
rye wheat flour oil
it is not there
all right
let's buy another one where it's made
typically hungarian potato bread if
is Hungarian will be from hungary
this has trick
I did not have a good trick
holly with the mobile
ok let's buy the bread candeal is
typical meat
I do not know limestone
let's buy another one I usually get
he calls white bread bread made with
rye wheat rye not in rye is
dark no corn I have no idea wheat
all right
let's go another one if I leave the bread
steamed is typical of bread
steamed
and asia
they live
well, I'll leave it here , you know if
complete is he
the photo album of breads
you can exchange the album for a bread
that is donated to intermón oxfam so I
I think it's worth participating in
try to donate a bread you see that in
few minutes we have got a lot
of chromos I suppose that the web page
It will be made so that you do not have to
be here for years and years playing for
to be able to get all the photos and
complete the album I think that to them
they are also interested in donating the maximum
number of possible breads for the cause
do not be my rock consumer has convinced me
and I've passed until I get the
album and donate that bread I will not stop I'll
to be here every day happening to me and
good if any of you cheer up
well you know www point for a bar
of bread dot and there you can try
get a loaf of bread to give it to
Oxfam intermón solidarity and nothing
guys, well, that's what we see in a following
video thank you very much for being there and a
Little kiss